Transform Hub kubernetes manifests examples (#281)
scramjetorg/transform-hub: scripts/kubernetes/README.md

# Transform Hub on Kubernetes

This example assumes deployment to `default` namespace. Prepared policies (RBAC) allow `runner` POD creation in the same namespace as STH.

If you want to change the namespace, please edit manifests and change `namespace: default` as needed. Also please remember to change one of transform-hub argument `- "--k8s-namespace=default"` in `sth-deployment.yaml` to correct namespace.

## Run RBAC related yaml file which will setup all the authorization related stuff:

```bash

> kubectl apply -f sth-rbac.yaml

Reviewer: Can we point the user to where they can find the files?

# Transform Hub on Kubernetes

> ## Notes
> 
> This example assumes deployment to `default` namespace
> Prepared policies (RBAC) allow `runner` POD creation in the same namespace as STH.
> If you want to change the namespace, please edit manifests and change `namespace: default` as needed.
> Please rememeber to change one of transform-hub argument in `sth-deployment.yaml` ; `- "--k8s-namespace=default"` to correct namespace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example assumes deployment to `default` namespace. Prepared policies (RBAC) allow `runner` POD creation in the same namespace as STH.

If you want to change the namespace, please edit manifests and change `namespace: default` as needed. Also please remember to change one of transform-hub argument `- "--k8s-namespace=default"` in `sth-deployment.yaml` to correct namespace.
```

WDYT?

## Run RBAC related yaml file which will setup all the authorization related stuff:

```bash
kubectl apply -f sth-rbac.yaml
kubectl apply -f sth-secret.yaml
kubectl apply -f sth-serviceaccount.yaml
```

## Run services related yaml file which will setup network configuration and expose STH ports:

```bash
kubectl apply -f sth-service.yaml
```

Check NodePort:

```bash
kubectl get svc -l app=sth
```

Output:
```
NAME         TYPE        CLUSTER-IP       EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)          AGE
sth-api      NodePort    10.111.75.239    <none>        8000:30030/TCP   14m
sth-runner   ClusterIP   10.103.128.166   <none>        8001/TCP         4m40s
```

> In this example kubernetes exposed our `sth-api` on port `30030`
> Now, we have to check on what node our STH pod is running, to do this You can type:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example kubernetes exposed our `sth-api` on port `30030`. Now, we have to check on what node our STH pod is running, to do this You can type:
```

Author: Corrected  :)
